README.md, before:

# Scripts

## word

A wrapper around `antiword` and `docx2txt` that pipes to less by default. Can optionally take an output file as an argument. Requires `bash`, `less`, `antiword`, `docx2txt`.

## tg-conv

A converter for TextGrid files (Praat) to xlsx files. Currently very naïve and converting only the textual info, not metadata.

## papis-rename

A script to automatically rename the folders in my papis directory based on YAML metadata.

## add-paper

A script to automate some of my workflow when adding papers to the papis library. It prompts the user for the author's name, year of publication, and document title. It then renames the original file, adds it to the papis library, appends the year to the `info.yaml` file (papis can't do that yet), and then deletes the original file.

## hbar

A small Haskell script that checks the battery level and sends it to stdout. Meant to be used with a status bar.

## csv-praat

A Haskell script to convert CSV files in the format (begin-time, end-time, text) to Praat TextGrid files. I used this with [Parlatype](http://gkarsay.github.io/parlatype/), so the parser is aimed at Parlatype-style timestamps.

## csv-combinator

A Haskell script that combines CSV files with a specific content layout. The first two columns act as a key. The rest of the colums are the value, and their number is not defined or limited. A single key can have several corresponding values, in which case they are treated as a matrix (list of lists). The script finds the corresponding keys and combines any number of files, starting with a single file (the 'original'). The output is a merged file of all the inputs with the original, plus a diff file against the original for each input file. Diff files are only generated if there are missing keys.

## pacfzf

A shell one-liner that passes pandoc packages through fzf for easy filtering and installing. Totally stolen from Manjaro.

Commit message:

Change fzf to skim in pacman script, add paru
skim is basically the same as fzf, but in Rust (RIIR FTW!). Also added
the corresponding script for paru, the hottest AUR helper this time of
year.

README.md, after:

# Scripts

## word

A wrapper around `antiword` and `docx2txt` that pipes to less by default. Can optionally take an output file as an argument. Requires `bash`, `less`, `antiword`, `docx2txt`.

## tg-conv

A converter for TextGrid files (Praat) to xlsx files. Currently very naïve and converting only the textual info, not metadata.

## papis-rename

A script to automatically rename the folders in my papis directory based on YAML metadata.

## add-paper

A script to automate some of my workflow when adding papers to the papis library. It prompts the user for the author's name, year of publication, and document title. It then renames the original file, adds it to the papis library, appends the year to the `info.yaml` file (papis can't do that yet), and then deletes the original file.

## hbar

A small Haskell script that checks the battery level and sends it to stdout. Meant to be used with a status bar.

## csv-praat

A Haskell script to convert CSV files in the format (begin-time, end-time, text) to Praat TextGrid files. I used this with [Parlatype](http://gkarsay.github.io/parlatype/), so the parser is aimed at Parlatype-style timestamps.

## csv-combinator

A Haskell script that combines CSV files with a specific content layout. The first two columns act as a key. The rest of the colums are the value, and their number is not defined or limited. A single key can have several corresponding values, in which case they are treated as a matrix (list of lists). The script finds the corresponding keys and combines any number of files, starting with a single file (the 'original'). The output is a merged file of all the inputs with the original, plus a diff file against the original for each input file. Diff files are only generated if there are missing keys.

## pacsk

A shell one-liner that passes pandoc packages through [skim](https://github.com/lotabout/skim) for easy filtering and installing. Based on a similar script from Manjaro using `yay` and `fzf`.
